docs: user documentation (#32)
fetchai/fetch-wallet: docs/account_management.md

3. Give your account a name and set a password if one is not set (i.e. if it is the first time you open the wallet, or in case you have removed all of your accounts). The password will be used the next time you want to use the wallet or make important changes to your account. Hit **Next**.
4. Rearrange the mnemonic phrases by clicking on them in the correct order to confirm your mnemonic seed. Then click **Register**.

## Existing account

#### Importing an existing account

If you have an account on the Fetch network, for example having had one already on the Fetch wallet and want to access it again, have an account on another wallet (e.g. Cosmostation, Keplr, ...) and wish to bring it to the Fetch wallet, or having created an address using one of our tools (e.g. the [AEA framework](https://docs.fetch.ai/aea)), you can import it into the Fetch wallet:

1. On the [welcome page](#welcome-page), click **Import existing account**.
2. Enter your mnemonic seed (set of words) or private key (hexidecimal).

    !!! warning
        **KEEP IT SAFE!** Anyone with your mnemonic seed or private key can access your wallet and take your assets.

    !!! tip

>         It is preferable, and likely more convenient, to use the mnemonic when possible because [hierarchical deterministic keys/addresses](TODO: link me! - BIP44 / BIP5X?) cannot be derived from the private key format.

Author: ```suggestion
        It is preferable, and likely more convenient, to use the mnemonic when possible because [hierarchical deterministic keys/addresses](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/BIP_0044) cannot be derived from the private key format.
```

> 

Reviewer: @bryanchriswhite

Reviewer: @bryanchriswhite I guess my question is, I don't quite understand this (and imagine some users too). Can you make it clearer please

Author: How about [this investopedia link](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/h/hd-wallet-hierarchical-deterministic-wallet.asp) instead of the bitcoin wiki one? It's more user oriented:

> Each key must be backed up in the wallet to prevent it and the funds it is linked to from becoming irrevocably lost to the owner. But to ensure privacy—one of the purposes driving the creation of Bitcoin and other cryptocurrencies—and limit the use of public keys to one transaction each, a new pair of keys would need to be created for each transaction. This can get difficult to manage over time.
>
>Deterministic wallets were created to offer a solution, one in which all keys can be traced back to an original random seed, usually a set of random words, and a hash function. With a deterministic wallet, the original seed is enough to recover all private and public keys, therefore requiring only a single backup at the time of creation.

Author: Or were you thinking more along the lines of adding detail in the tip itself?

Reviewer: Can def change the link to investopedia which is more user facing. But also the tip is a bit unclear. Maybe we can just leave the second part out and only link to the page if someone is interested to learn more as to why mnemonic is preferable.

>         It is preferable, and likely more convenient, to use the mnemonic when possible because [hierarchical deterministic keys/addresses](https://en.bitcoin.it/wiki/BIP_0044) cannot be derived from the private key format.

Author: ```suggestion
        It is preferable, and likely more convenient, to use the mnemonic when possible because [hierarchical deterministic keys/addresses](https://www.investopedia.com/terms/h/hd-wallet-hierarchical-deterministic-wallet.asp) cannot be derived from the private key format.
```
